# Mirror Source EM

Mirror Source EM will migrate data from one project to another. Mirror Source supports repeated instances which allow splitting data from one project into multiple projects or multiple events in the same project. Also it supports Data Access Group DAG mapping to migrate source DAG record to a Destination record based on user access.  

###Configuration:
1. Source Project:
    1. Trigger Event.
    2. Trigger Logic(save will be triggered once this logic is true).
    3. Trigger Form. 
    4. Optional: Fields Form(If field copy option is Source Form).
    5. Optional: Field to save Destination Record Id.
    6. Field to save Migration timestamp. 
    7. Field to save Migration Notes. 
    
2. Destination Project:
    1. Project Id.
    2. Trigger Event. 
    3. Optional: Fields Form(If field copy option is Destination Form)
    4. Optional: Destination Record Naming Option
    5. Optional: Destination Record prefix option.
    6. Optional: Destination Record pad length.
    7. Optional: Field to save source record ID.
     
3. Global Configuration:
    1. Field Copy Option (**NOTE: if you select Destination/Source form make sure to exclude [FORM_NAME]_complete because this field is auto generated by REDCap and form specific, which will cause Migration error it not excluded.**).
    2. DAG Configuration:
        1. Checkbox if dag names are the same between source and destination so no mapping is needed. 
        2. DAG Map:
            1. Source DAG.
            2. Destination DAG.
    3. Excluded Fields (based on Field Copy Option).
    4. REDO/Clobber Option(this will cause one source record to be saved multiple times in destination).
    
    
####DAG Configuration:
To mirror data from one Source DAG to a destination DAG.
1. User must has access to both project and assigned to the defined DAGs.
2. If checkbox  same DAGs name is checked the EM will map Source DAGs to their DAGs with same name in destination project. 
3. Manual DAGs mapping overrides same DAGs name option. 
4.      